This
Sorry, sorry.
How do you dawdle, little girl?
Do you still want this list?
A little bit bigger.
Hand my hand
Ah, what's easy to pack with a shrunken one?
Stop stealing
Stop
What's up?
Get the medicine cabinet
Thank you uncle what's the matter
He didn't seem to recognize me.
Mr. Ji doesn't care about me
He fell by himself.
Let him clean up
Mr. Ji
Mr. Ji, I was wrong, please go, please don't fire me
Have I seen him somewhere?
I'll do it myself
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Uncle, thank you.
I'm in pain.
Call me if you need it.
I'll get busy first
But you haven't told me yet.
The water sent by your company in the future
We offer double the price.
Great baby
Mom will be able to support you in the future
You remember me
Why did you let me go? Don't you two know each other?
How come?